what you will need is one cup of
strawberry preserves a half cup of water
one pint of heavy whipping cream 2 tbsp
sugar 2 teaspoons gelatin 2 tablespoons
gelatin a half a pound of strawberries
diced up 2 egg yolks and two layers of
pre-made cake what you want to do first
is take 1 cup of your cream and place
this in a saucepan over medium heat to
scald the cream what you want to do now
is to bloom your gelatin and to do that
you want to take 1/4 a cup of your water
and sprinkle over your 1 tablespoon of
gelatin while your gelatin is blooming
you want to take your 2 tablespoons of
sugar and pour that in with your 2 egg
yolks and whisk your egg yolks and sugar
together till the till they become pale
you know your cream is scalded when you
see little bubbles forming around the
edges of your saucepan now that the
cream is scalded you want to slowly
whisk it into your egg yolks
once your gelatin is fully dissolved
into the eggs and cream you want to pour
this mixture back on into your saucepan
over low key and cook for 2 to 3 minutes
stirring with a spatula you know your
mixture is done after about 2 to 3
minutes and when you move your spatula
back and forth that leaves a little
trail behind now what you want to do is
pour this into a separate container and
place in the refrigerator to slightly
cool while the first part of your
Bavarian cream mixture is cooling in the
fridge you now want to whip your
remainder in 1 cup of heavy whipping
cream to stiff peaks
once your whipped cream is whipped you
want to slowly pour in your liquid
mixture and then fold this in until all
of its mixed in together
once your two creams are fully mixed
together you want to slowly fold in your
half pound of strawberries so then you
can set this aside as your bavarian
cream is completely finished the last
thing you want to do is make the
strawberry glaze that goes on top of the
cake and what you want to do is bloom
the last of your gelatin which is your
two teaspoons you know a 1/4 cup of
water and then let this sit and then
also you want to take your 1 cup of
strawberry preserves and warm this up in
the microwave for about 45 seconds till
it becomes liquid again
to assemble your cake you want to use a
9-inch springform pan and line it with
plastic wrap and then lay your first
layer of cake on the bottom on top of
your first layer cake you want to add
all of your bavarian cream so once you
have made an even layer of your bavarian
cream you want to add the second layer
of cake on top of this the last step is
you want to pour your strawberry glaze
over the top of your last layer of cake
then you want to let this cool in the
refrigerator for about three to four
hours so it's fully set so it's been
about four hours now and the cake is
fully set and then the last step is just
to unmold it is by just releasing the
springform pan and then pulling up all
the plastic wrap and once you have taken
the springform off then you just want to
slowly peel away the sides of the saran
wrap and then you can cut this and enjoy
you